README.md, before:


  # README Generator
  
![License]( 

  ## Description
  
This app was built using npm inquirer to give the user prompts in the command line and then take those prompts and output a quality README.md file. It is simple to use and should help speed up development of your projects!
  
## Table of Contents
  
* [Installation](#Installation)
  
* [Usage](#Usage)
  
* [Contributing](#Contributing)
  
* [Tests](#Tests)
  
* [Questions](#Questions)
  
* [License](#License)
  
## Installation
  
To install, be sure to open your command line and type ==npm install===, then run the app using ==node index.js==
  
## Usage
  
To use the app, once you have it install, simply open a file in the directory you're working using "Open in Integrated Terminal", then enter ==node index.js==. Follow the prompts and your README.md file will be automatically generated once you've answered all of the prompts.
  
## Contributing
  
Please let me know if you'd like to contribute to my project!
  
## Tests
  
Please contact me below if you run into any bugs.
  
## Questions
  
Have more questions? Head over to my github profile or email me:
  
[Checkout my GitHub](www.github.com/jhdavey)
  
[Email me!](hdwebdevelopment@gmail.com)
  
## License
  
License: MIT - see the [License]() page.

Commit message:

Fixed issue with license badge not showing up sometimes. Reade official README for project

README.md, after:


  # README File Generator
  
![License](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=license&message=MIT&color=${badge.color})

  ## Description
  
This app allows the user to generate a quality README file for their project using inquirer to run through prompts in the command line.
  
## Table of Contents
  
* [Installation](#Installation)
  
* [Usage](#Usage)
  
* [Contributing](#Contributing)
  
* [Tests](#Tests)
  
* [Questions](#Questions)
  
* [License](#License)
  
## Installation
  
To install, pull down the files from the repo. Then run `npm install` in the directory you would like to work in. Once you've installed node_modules and your package.json, package-lock.json files, you're good to go!
  
## Usage
  
Once you have installed the app, right click on one of your files in the directory you're working in. Click "Open in Integrated Terminal". Then in your command line, type `node index.js`. You will see that you begin to get prompts to fill in the details for your README sections. Fill out each prompt. At the end, the app will generate your README file automatically! 
  
## Contributing
  
Please let me know if you'd like to contribute to my project!
  
## Tests
  
If you run into any errors or bugs while using this app, please contact me.
  
## Questions
  
Have more questions? Head over to my github profile or email me:
  
[Checkout my GitHub](www.github.com/jhdavey)
  
[Email me!](hdwebdevelopment@gmail.com)
  
## License
  
License: MIT - see the [License](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=license&message=MIT&color=${badge.color}) page.
